so we are just getting word of a
confirmation that there were high level
secret talks between the United States
and Iranian officials back earlier this
fall and that Benjamin Netanyahu was
brought into the White House by the
president to discuss the nature of those
of those talks so Fox has just confirmed
that report on secret talks with the
Iranians we're gonna get more details on
what went on in those talks and what the
reaction was of the Israeli leader as we
head throughout the rest of this day I
just want to bring that to you and in
the meantime the wife of a jailed us
pastor in Iran is now speaking out and
she is not happy as you might imagine
after this nuclear deal she says that
there has been absolutely no mention of
her husband's imprisonment as part of
this arrangement Saeed Abedini is
serving an eight-year sentence in the
most brutal Iranian prison prison
because of his Christian beliefs now his
wife naghmeh has been a guest on this
show many times says she believes that
the Obama administration betrayed her
family here's what she said it was a
really hard blow it was very
disheartening and discouraging to
realize it's fighting for an American
citizen who's wrongfully imprisoned in
iran and whose religious freedom is
being violated is no longer a priority
to discuss by our government a second
though has been fighting to free pastor
Abedini and he is the chief counsel at
the American Center for Law and Justice
this must be very frustrating
development for you it really is Martha
when we got word that this was in
process we've been in discussions with
the State Department as you know we
costly great coverage you all have done
finally the president spoke out the
president brought up Saeed Abedini in
the conversation with the President of
Iran and we've been in conversations
with the State Department for months and
the fact of the matter is we had an
incredible opportunity that was historic
you had the President of the United
States talking with the President of
Iran we had the p5 plus one going on in
Geneva what a confidence-building
measure it would have been if it's part
of the precondition to any relief of the
sanctions against the Iranian regime
that in fact they would release
not only Saeed Abedini but the other two
Americans that are being held by the
Islamic Republic of Iran the White House
and I hold the president responsible for
this I think what he did was despicable
by not having that as a precondition of
release is outrageous and those who said
well we were trying to focus yeah I hear
you but but why is the question because
it seems in a way that it would have
been you know a gimme to put this in
here it would have made the president
look very good it would have been you
know so so there has to be a why do you
think it was discussed and Iran said no
because we believe this this and this I
mean what do you think happened behind
closed doors what you know if taking the
State Department at their word for it
that there were some discussions prior
to the peopie plus one conference that
just took place my sense of what
happened is is there's a power struggle
may be inside of Iran but the fact of
the matter is and Martha this is the key
we just reduced and agreed to reduce our
sanctions and provide humanitarian aid
to the Iranian Republic and their
humanitarian response is to transfer
Saeed Abedini from the evin prison which
is awful to a prison that's even worse
and we have there is no I can't give you
a reason why this happened other than it
was not a priority of the administration
to secure the release of an American
citizen held captive by the people we
were across the table negotiating with
Martha there is no excuse he's not a
high-profile political target this was
nothing short of a dereliction of duty
and I have a piece up at foxnews.com
right now and I think the president is
responsible for this he could have made
that condition it should have been a
juice at a gimme and excited a budino
should have been standing next to John
Kerry on Saturday would have any green
oh man what a very clear visual
expression of what we got in this deal
what it has the State Department
responded to you about why not nope
they've said that they'll get back to us
later today when we may hear from them
later today and I expect there's going
to be nothing but you know we were
concentrating they issued an official
statement the the NSC saying that the
conversation did not take place with
Pastor Saeed Abedini or the other
Americans that it was strictly focused
on the nuclear disengagement of Iran but
you know Martha these are new
she a shins this is worse than Jimmy
Carter's moves I mean here you have a
situation where this as you've said it
correctly was an easy move for the
Iranians to give a confidence-building
measure release this pastor and then
talk about negotiations reduction of
sanctions we've given up the chips we
had on the table what brought the
Iranians there it was the sanctions now
we're easy a month what their impotence
he'll let this bastard knowledge about
you and I would be doing today we'd be
you know planning to discuss you know
this incredible moment that happened
that he was brought home at something
good came of this whole thing and we'd
be looking forward to speaking with him
on program as well and hearing his side
of the story said his family has another
Christmas with no father probably yeah
and it's their kids have note another
Christmas this time again with no pastor
Saeed their father not there I'm sorry
to hear that thanks to thank you very
much